So what is an IMS org?
Really, at the end of the day and
IMS work is nothing more than a
collection of the applications that
a company has licensed the users.
That they would like to have within their
company have accessed those applications.
And then the permissions that bind those
users to the applications in question.
And so that I am,
or really at the end of the days away
for Adobe to figure out how we provide
to a company or organization their
applications and for the organization
to be able to manage users that don't
want to use those applications.
And oftentimes,
what you'll see in companies is
that overtime there may be different
divisions within that company,
or there may be different.
Teams within that company that also
want to license Adobe software,
and So what they'll do is they'll
also get their own license for,
let's say Adobe Analytics or Adobe Target,
separate from the license that
another team has,
and therefore they will get
provisioned and thrown IMS org.
Now it's still under the
company umbrella here,
but now I end up with two different
IMS organs which we can call IMS org.
If you will,
and I MSRB and this is what you'll often
see with very large companies or companies
that have a very decentralized model.
Sometimes I miss orcs are broken
down by brand or you'll see them
kind of broken down by business unit.
But this functionality is kind
of what you see.
You also see the same pattern show up
when we really look at acquisition.
So you can imagine taking this
example if you will.
And there's two different companies,
so we have company a here.
Who has an existing IMS arc?
And Company B has a different IMS org and
at some point company A&amp;B merged together.
And so immediately what happens
is you kind of can imagine that
those companies may want to bring
all of their data together into
a new company formed here.
Called C.
And therefore what this function will
look like as I have now one IMS org
underneath and I want all these applications,
permissions and users from
both companies to exist today.
This would not work because those
licenses are assigned at a company level,
not at an organizational level,
and thereby all of the data that
lives within those orgs is tide
to that specific org.
So why does this matter?
Well,
something to keep in mind is that
also within all of these orcs is this
concept of what's called an ECID.
And you may have heard this before
if you've worked with the Adobe
Target Products or Adobe Analytics,
but an easy ID is really nothing
more than an identifier that
lives within each org.
That tells us about who those
people are browsing on the website.
It's a first party cookie that is
created and assigned based on IMS Org.
So wanting to translate company
A&amp;B here into company.
See, I can't actually move any of this
anonymous behavioral data from analytics.
Or target because they're running and
being powered off of this easy ID.
That's only specific that org,
so I'd have to build a whole new version
of that easy ID and really start over.
And this is where you start to see some of
these pain points with multiple IMS orcs.
Hopefully that helps explain a little
bit about why there's IMS orgs,
how companies can end up with multiple,
and then what companies are starting to
do now as they start to try to figure
out who their customer is kind of across
their business and some of the challenges
that they run into with that, thanks.